TechNexion Firmware End User Sublicense Agreement

This is a legal agreement (the "Agreement") concerning the use of TechNexion's
Axon Fabric Firmware (the "Firmware") between you (the "User") and TechNexion
Ltd. ("Licensor"). Use of the Firmware indicates User ís complete and
unconditional acceptance of the terms and conditions set forth in this
agreement

GRANT OF LICENSE. Licensor or its authorized distributor grants to User,
subject to payment, if applicable, of appropriate license fees, a
nontransferable, nonexclusive license to use Firmware solely: (a) for User's
internal business purposes; (b) on the computer hardware or at the User's
address for which an applicable license fee is paid; (c) and, for use
exclusively with Licensor's hardware product. Use of Firmware is limited;
such limitations are technically implemented through the use of authorization
codes or similar devices.

THIRD PARTY CONTRACTOR USE RIGHTS. User may allow its third party contractors
to use the Firmware on User's behalf. User shall ensure that such third party
contractors comply with the terms of, and are bound by written agreements at
least as restrictive as this Agreement, including without limitation, all
confidentiality obligations set forth in this Agreement with respect to the use
of the Firmware under this Agreement. User and User's third party contractors
agree to comply with all applicable export and re-export restrictions set forth
in any export licenses, and will otherwise comply with the U.S. Export
Administration Regulations and similar laws and regulations as may be amended
from time to time.

TERM. This Agreement remains effective until expiration or termination. This
Agreement will automatically terminate if User fails to comply with any term or
condition of this Agreement.  If Firmware was provided for limited term use,
this Agreement will automatically expire at the end of the authorized term.
Upon any termination or expiration, User agrees to cease all use of Firmware.

OWNERSHIP. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, all right, title
and interest in the Firmware remain with Licensor or its licensors, and any
proprietary information contained in the Firmware is protected by copyright,
trademark and trade secret laws and international treaties.

CONIFIDENTIALITY.  As used in this Agreement, "Confidential Information" means:
(i) Firmware and all parts thereof in any form, and any related technology,
idea, algorithm or information contained in the Firmware: and (ii) any
information disclosed by Licensor to User relating to the Firmware designated
as confidential at the time of disclosure or which would be considered
confidential by a reasonable person. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
"Confidential Information" shall not include information that: (a) is known and
has been reduced to tangible form by User prior to the time of disclosure for
the first time under this Agreement; or (b) is independently developed by User
without the use of any of the Confidential Information. User will not use the
Confidential Information for any purpose other than Userís internal business
purposes. User will use commercially reasonable efforts to protect the
Confidential Information from unauthorized disclosure. User may disclose the
Confidential Information only to employees of User who have a need to know such
Confidential Information in furtherance of Userís internal business purposes
and who have entered into agreements with User containing confidentiality
provisions at least as restrictive as those set forth in this Section with
respect to the Confidential Information. User will not disclose any of the
Confidential Information to any third party without the clear and express
written consent of Licensor.

NO WARRANTIES BY LICENSOR. The Firmware and all accompanying materials are
provided "AS IS" without warranty of any kind. To the maximum extent permitted
by law, Licensor hereby disclaims all warranties, express, implied and
statutory, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability
and fitness for a particular purpose (regardless of whether Licensor knows of
such purpose) and against infringement. The entire risk arising out of the use
or performance of the Firmware and any accompanying written materials remains
with User.

LIMITATION ON LIABILITY. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN
NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR, ITS LICENSORS OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS
PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR OTHER
PECUNIARY LOSS, OR FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE Firmware, EVEN IF
LICENSOR OR ITS LICENSORS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR'S OR ITS LICENSORS' LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT
EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY USER FOR THE Firmware GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM. IN
THE CASE WHERE NO AMOUNT WAS PAID. LICENSOR AND ITS LICENSORS SHALL HAVE NO
LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER.

NONASSIGNABILITY. User may not assign or transfer this Agreement or any
Firmware or all or any part of its rights under this Agreement by operation of
law or otherwise, including without limitation to any purchaser of User's
assets or securities.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, assignment shall be
allowed in the case of change of control of User. Licensor may assign this
Agreement. Any assignment attempted in contravention of this Section shall be
null and void, and shall entitle Licensor to terminate this Agreement
immediately upon written notice to User.

GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of
the State of Alabama excluding its conflict of law principles. The courts
located in or serving Madison County,  Alabama shall have exclusive
jurisdiction and venue over any dispute arising out of or relating to this
Agreement and User and Licensor hereby consent to such jurisdiction and venue.

EXPORT REQUIREMENTS. The Firmware and all related technical information or
materials may be subject to export controls under U.S. Government export
regulations, and User shall comply with all such regulations.

MISCELLANEOUS. If a court holds any provision of this Agreement to be illegal,
invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force
and effect. This Agreement contains the parties' entire understanding and
agreement concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and may only be
modified by a written instrument signed by each party's duly authorized
representative. Any waiver by either party of any default or breach under this
Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of any provision of this Agreement or
of any subsequent default or breach of the same or a different kind.